>> Scott Moss: So those are those tests.
And now we actually gotta hook
the controller up to the controllers,
the item's controller, which is all these
other tests are failing because of it.
So if we go over to item controllers,
we see it's just exporting a default
object here, which is breaking, like, our
route, and breaking all this other stuff.
Well to get this to work, we can just
look at what list control is doing then.
It's importing that crudControllers
function at the bottom here that you
didn't have to touch.
Because these are actually
creating the crud controllers.
Given a model, it returns an object that
references those functions that we created
above, and passes in the models.
So that's how we get the models there.
Cuz we're passing it in when we
create our crud controllers.
So I just gotta use this as an export.
So list controller's pretty
much already doing it.
You can see
the import.crudControllers function.
It imports the list model.
And then by default it just exports the
crud controllers and passes in the list.
Which again,
exports that object right there.
With removeOne, updateOne,
getMany, getOne,
which is exactly ready to be used for
routes.
So we're gonna do the same thing.
In fact, we can just copy it and
go over to Item Controllers,
paste it, and then change List to Item.
>> Scott Moss: And that's it.
>> Speaker 2: Crud should now work for
any of those three types of models, right?
>> Scott Moss: There you go, that's right.
They're generic controllers,
and they work for anything.
You just pass in the models, it'll work.
And that's why we made them that way.
We could have just made each one for
every single model ourselves, but
they all would've end up
being the same thing.
The other beauty of this is that,
like, for instance, like I said,
REST is very blurred.
So now if you've got to
deviate from the path, for
like, whoa, normally we do a generic REST,
getOne for item.
But for this scenario we wanna do
something a little different for getOne.
You can overwrite it, right?
So you can just come in here and
say, all right, yeah,
we've got credControllers, cool.
I'll just go ahead and spread those.
But I wanna overwrite what getOne is,
but getOne is now gonna do this.
And now you can overwrite it to be
something completely different.
So this allows you to do that.
So you can opt,
you get all the defaults REST controllers.
But if you've gotta overwrite them to do
something specifically for this model,
you can do it like this.
>> Speaker 2: Like you wouldn't want
a user to be able to delete themselves?
>> Scott Moss: Like if you don't want
a user to delete themselves, exactly.
Anything that's like outside of
the range of what REST does.
Then yeah, you would have to overwrite
it with something like this.
Yep, that's a good example.
>> Scott Moss: All right,
so now if we run some tests
here,
>> Scott Moss: Cool,
now all the tests pass.
>> Scott Moss: Good to go, okay.
>> Speaker 2: In your solutions you've
got Try-Catches around everything,
is that-
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, that's just a more.
Well, I mean we're gonna get
into error handling next.
But yeah,
that's just better error handling.
Yeah, you wanna put Try-Catches around
stuff to make sure things don't break
in a server environment.
Cuz if your server breaks
from an error being thrown,
then your server's gonna break,
it's gonna stop.
All right, if you don't have some
process manager managing your server,
then it won't even restart.
So you have to restart it manually.
So try catch prevents that from happening.
So that's just a more
battle-tested way of writing code.
But the test wasn't looking for it,
so I didn't do it the demonstration.
>> Speaker 2: And can that be moved into,
so that's in each of the methods.
Can it be moved somewhere else so
that you have.
>> Scott Moss: Yes,
you can, you can move it.
You can wrap all your controllers and
then Try-Catch on the route level.
That way you don't have to do
it on every single one yourself.
You can bump Try-Catch all
the way up as far as you want.
You can even just listen for unhandled,
cuz when something throws an asynchronous
task and node, it's not on the main loop,
it's somewhere else, right?
So it catches it eventually.
So node has a way for you to listen for
unhandled promise rejections.
So you can listen to say, hey,
when any promise rejection is thrown,
which is an async/await,
let me listen for it and handle it here.
So you can also do that,
which is not the best way.
But yeah, you could push
Try-Catch up as far as you want,
all the way up to where
whatever's calling it.
So if I had a function that was async,
and I had another function calling
it another function,
calling it another function, calling that,
I could do Try-Catch all the way up
here if I want, versus doing it here.
>> Speaker 2: Is it important in these
methods just because you're using awaits?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, when you use await
you have to use Try-Catch to handle
errors, because it's treating
it as it's synchronous.
If you're using a promise then you
would do a .catch versus a Try-Catch.
So yeah, you would have to do a Try-Catch
specifically because you used await.
So that's the, I guess that's
the cons of using async/await is that
you now have to use a Try-Catch.
But there's ways around that too.